Axios interceptors (#18)
XAP-Software/blog.xap.group: _posts/2022-05-07-Axios-interceptors.md

---
layout: post

> title: How to set up replication from PostgreSQL to SAP HANA Cloud? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to implement Axios interceptors? 
```

> categories: [SAP BTP, SAP HANA Cloud, PostgreSQL]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
categories: [JavaScript, Axios]
```

author_github: Kostya2702
author: Konstantin Loshkarev
---

> As the application scales up, so does the need to handle a large number of errors. if you use axios to get data from api, then overflowing .catch is wrong, axios.interceptors are used for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the application scales up, the need for error handling increases. If you use axios to get data from api, then overflowing .catch is wrong, axios.interceptors should be used to handle errors.
```

> ## Import required elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Import required exports
```
not sure if 'element' is the right name for exports

In `main.js`

```js
import App from './App';
import axios from "axios";
```

> ## Implementing axios interceptors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Implement axios interceptors
```
Following the same style as the previous heading

in `main.js`

```js
axios.interceptors.response.use(
  response => { 
    return Promise.resolve(response)
  }, 
  error => {
    if (error.response.status) {
      switch (error.response.status) {
        case 403:
          router.replace({
            path: "/login",
            query: { redirect: router.currentRoute.fullPath }
          });
          break;

        case 501:
          alert('Select date period')
          break;
      
        case 502:
          alert('There are no orders for the selected date');
          break;

        case 504:
          alert(Promise.reject(error.response.data));
          break;
      }
      return Promise.reject(error.response);
    }
});
```

> Response is returned if api call ends with code 200 or 201.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A response is returned only if API call ends with OK codes 200 or 201.
```
